hey guys we've done a baby led weaning
video in a while and we're having
chicken tonight so we grabbed a chicken
leg that's the light yet like and okay
so we're gonna I see what Amelia does
with this we took off the knuckle part
hold it up yes ma'am
chicken you're gonna eat it I don't
think she does I turn it around
oh this is good yeah turn it around by
the way for any new people watching she
is a year and almost two months old so
four to almost 14 months we started her
at about five and a half six months and
no turn it around pumpkin again hey turn
it around silly goose turn it around
it must be seasoned well
look eat this part eat that part yeah
really it's actually not a bad idea
no frees him up
sir turn it around bumpkin
there we go get the meat yes come on
turn around the chicken every now and
then it falls apart and you wanna eat it
tonight are you gonna turn it around or
not what she got something yeah spit it
out
yeah that and you spit it out spit it
down yeah oh wow yeah turn it around
hey what can I see it there you go
she really just wants that end yeah
alright if she turns it around I'll do
some editing on my phone here we go you
figured it out oh oh well guys go
watching the vlog we're doing some one
there too and she she actually put it in
her mouth some of the meat part check
out the other part bumpkin do it do it
do it that bones about to fall off
no that's in the wing is it good
look you dropped all the meat oh yeah I
think it's in this part it don't you
think
no no see this okay Hey look you eat
that part oh yes that's the good part
no there shouldn't be ya wanna bone
she's enjoying her chicken um I don't I
haven't been doing much of these baby
led weaning videos lately but if y'all
want to hopefully get more from me click
the subscribe button and I'm also doing
some Total Money Makeover videos cuz
we're doing that on this channel as well
so if you want any of that mess click
the subscribe button and thumb up this
video is everything favorite I like good
mess that you guys know how to do and oh
that's so delicious yes ma'am she's
gonna jump down with us bye guys